ladies and gentlemen we are now seeing
the beginnings of another stage of human
evolution
[Music]
the truth is that mutants are very real
and they are among us
we must know who they are and above all
what they can do
not what you think not all of us who are
you people
what kind of place is this I'm Professor
Charles Xavier
I built this school where mutants could
learn to focus their powers in a
positive way
I'll also learn that mankind was not
evil just uninformed you'll be safe here
from Magneto
I was very powerful miracle believes
that a war is brewing between mutants
and the rest of humanity there is a war
coming you sure you're on the right side
[Music]
I've never seen anything like this
before we are the future Charles not
them I no longer matter hold on to
something
[Music]
don't give up on them mankind is evolved
you